Add madlad-400 MT models (#27471)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/madlad-400.md

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# MADLAD-400

## Overview

> MADLAD-400 models were released in the paper [MADLAD-400: A Multilingual And Document-Level Large Audited Dataset](MADLAD-400: A Multilingual And Document-Level Large Audited Dataset) and converted to transformers' format by [Juarez Bochi](https://github.com/jbochi). - These are machine translation models based on the T5 architecture.

Reviewer: To match the pattern in the rest of the docs:
* Use `This model was contributed by ...`
* Link to your huggingface hub page
* Included the paper abstract

```suggestion
MADLAD-400 models were released in the paper [MADLAD-400: A Multilingual And Document-Level Large Audited Dataset](MADLAD-400: A Multilingual And Document-Level Large Audited Dataset). 

The abstract from the paper is the following: 

*abstract here*

This model was added by  [Juarez Bochi](https://huggingface.co/jbochi). The original checkpoints can be found [here](https://github.com/google-research/google-research/tree/master/madlad_400). 

[Simple description of the model in a few sentences here]
```

Author: Done. PTAL.

One can directly use MADLAD-400 weights without finetuning the model:

```python
>>> from transformers import AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM, AutoTokenizer

>>> model = AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM.from_pretrained("jbochi/madlad400-3b-mt")
>>> tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("jbochi/madlad400-3b-mt")

>>> inputs = tokenizer("<2pt> I love pizza!", return_tensors="pt")
>>> outputs = model.generate(**inputs)
>>> print(tokenizer.batch_decode(outputs, skip_special_tokens=True))
['Eu amo pizza!']
```

Google has released the following variants:

- [jbochi/madlad400-3b-mt](https://huggingface.co/jbochi/madlad400-3b-mt)

- [jbochi/madlad400-7b-mt](https://huggingface.co/jbochi/madlad400-7b-mt)

- [jbochi/madlad400-7b-mt-bt](https://huggingface.co/jbochi/madlad400-7b-mt-bt)

> - [jbochi/madlad400-10b-mt](https://huggingface.co/jbochi/madlad400-10b-mt)

Reviewer: We'll need to transfer these under the google org on the hub and update these URLs before merging

Reviewer: I can transfer them :) 

For the checkpoints - could you update their model cards to reflect other T5 models? E.g. [this one for Flan5-T5](https://huggingface.co/google/flan-t5-xxl). 

Ping once done and I'll transfer

Author: Thanks. I've updated the docs here and the model cards.

Can you please fix all the references to `jbochi` after you have transfer the model?

Author: PS: Please DO NOT transfer https://huggingface.co/jbochi/madlad400-8b-lm

The language model has a [different architecture](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/issues/26696#issuecomment-1808181487), and I haven't figured out how to run inference yet.

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contains specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# MADLAD-400

## Overview

MADLAD-400 models were released in the paper [MADLAD-400: A Multilingual And Document-Level Large Audited Dataset](MADLAD-400: A Multilingual And Document-Level Large Audited Dataset). 

The abstract from the paper is the following: 

> > We introduce MADLAD-400, a manually audited, general domain 3T token monolingual dataset based on CommonCrawl, spanning 419 languages. We discuss
> > the limitations revealed by self-auditing MADLAD-400, and the role data auditing
> > had in the dataset creation process. We then train and release a 10.7B-parameter
> > multilingual machine translation model on 250 billion tokens covering over 450
> > languages using publicly available data, and find that it is competitive with models
> > that are significantly larger, and report the results on different domains. In addition, we train a 8B-parameter language model, and assess the results on few-shot
> > translation. We make the baseline models 1
> > available to the research community.

Reviewer: nit - formatting to be consistent with other model pages 

```suggestion
*We introduce MADLAD-400, a manually audited, general domain 3T token monolingual dataset based on CommonCrawl, spanning 419 languages. We discuss 
the limitations revealed by self-auditing MADLAD-400, and the role data auditing
had in the dataset creation process. We then train and release a 10.7B-parameter
multilingual machine translation model on 250 billion tokens covering over 450
languages using publicly available data, and find that it is competitive with models
that are significantly larger, and report the results on different domains. In addition, we train a 8B-parameter language model, and assess the results on few-shot
translation. We make the baseline models 1
available to the research community.*
```
